tusa hey hey you got I'll go first
against this choke on 45 seconds oh my
gosh we were all good tell you something
check this out yo this guy's a choke
artist Nick got your back one get better
off shooting yourself with Papa Doc's a
gun climbing up this novel your week i
leave you lost without a lot of loads if
screech you waiting for others being
unit will get on the block fucker gets
snapped back to the boondocks fucking
Nazi your squad and guitar takes another
bite and form a group with vanilla ice
and when i show you you better use it
this guy's are usually the same Willie
Nelson music trailer trash I choked
continue laughs rough and have you
looked a fool if I set a bomb when he
shot himself silly rabbit I nobody
bargain at let you follow bucher I can
get cares up as a scrap
you got packed up in that stupid like
Tina Turner when she got smashed up I
got your shoulder blade you'll get
dropped so hard that Elvis and start
turning in his grave all right let you
out in the garbage need to take your
white ass back core state now to the
trailer park
very nice very nice let me get that mic
man pretty good pretty good good pop one
on one Oh bunny rabbit it's your turn
baby 45 seconds let this motherfucker
Phil I did you spin that shit don't
choke this time
I love
I know this guy raps like his famous
jerkin he's found like Erick Sermon good
generic version this old crowd looks
suspicious this all dudes in here except
for these bitches come on a terminate
that's okay you look like a fucking worm
with braised meat is it a free girl
brookie wookie Hawking 66 beat pussy
fuck about shit creek bitch you could be
a history with paddles this seat is
still gonna sing you're a disgrace yeah
they call me rabbit this is the total
race get it get with me Spanish it
wickedly linking these shots this
rickety split let's turn around with a
great smile and walk
Oh